# Bachelorthesis
With the continuous further development of machine learning methods, a growing area of application of artificial intelligence is opening up for companies.  Especially large enterprises have an increasing interest in the most advanced information technologies in this area to increase the efficiency and in the best case effectiveness of their processes. One process that is being mastered by an increasing number of large companies, with the support of Artificial Intelligence, is that of personnel selection.   The creation of artificial intelligence that supports the process of personnel selection is associated with development effort and is only accessible in the internal corporate environment. Thus, there are only isolated projects in the public domain, which are general and do not suit to any specific company.   The focus of this work is on the development of an artificial intelligence using \emph{BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers)} the state-of-the-art machine learning technique in natural language processing. This is to bring the company \emph{Dr. Schneider Unternehmensgruppe} a time saving in the process of personnel selection, by the preselection of individual applicants, in each case into one of the categories: "acceptance" or "rejection". For the creation of the AI model with the highest accuracy, based on the provided data, four variations of an Artificial Intelligence are developed in this work and their effectiveness is compared to each other, in order to finally determine the most suitable one.  
